# 2667. Create Hello World Function

[🍄 2667. Create Hello World Function](https://leetcode.com/problems/create-hello-world-function/)

<aside>
⏰ Solved in 01:00
</aside>
</br>

# Solution

```js
/**
 * @return {Function}
 */
var createHelloWorld = function () {
  return () => "Hello World";
};

/**
 * const f = createHelloWorld();
 * f(); // "Hello World"
 */
```

# Explanation

## Intuition

When faced with the problem of creating a function that consistently returns "Hello World" irrespective of any input arguments, my immediate thought was to focus on simplicity and efficiency. The essence of the task lies in returning a fixed string, which hints at an approach that minimizes overhead and maximizes performance.

## Approach

Initially, I considered a straightforward solution that encapsulates the "Hello World" string within a closure to prevent global pollution and unnecessary computations. The initial implementation looked like this:

```javascript
var createHelloWorld = function () {
  const hello = "Hello World";
  return (...args) => hello;
};
```

This version uses a closure to keep the "Hello World" string encapsulated and returns a function that takes any number of arguments but ignores them, always returning the string. However, after further analysis, I realized that the spread operator (`...args`) introduces unnecessary overhead by handling an indefinite number of arguments, which is redundant since these arguments are never used.

To optimize, I revised the implementation to eliminate all extraneous elements:

```javascript
/**
 * @return {Function}
 */
var createHelloWorld = function () {
  return () => "Hello World";
};
```

This refactored version removes the unused arguments and the constant declaration, providing a leaner, more efficient function. By directly returning the string "Hello World" in the arrow function, we cut down on memory usage and enhance the runtime efficiency because there are fewer operations and less scope handling by the JavaScript engine.

## Complexity

- **Time complexity:** The time complexity is $$O(1)$$ because the function execution time does not depend on any input size or external factors. It's a constant time operation to return a static string.

- **Space complexity:** The space complexity is also $$O(1)$$ since the space required does not increase with any input and only involves storing a single static string regardless of the function calls.
